Improving doc for Record.ts (#1574)
gcanti/fp-ts: docs/modules/Record.ts.md

## Record overview

> The `Record` module enables dealing with Typescript's `Record<K,T>`

Author: 👌

> The `Record` module enables dealing with Typescript's `Record<K,T>`
> in a functional way, basically trateing it as a `Functor` in `T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Record` module enables dealing with Typescript's `Record<K,T>`
type in a functional way, basically traeting it as a `Functor` in `T`.
```

## compact

Compact a `Record` of options removing the `none` values and

> keeping the `some` values.

Reviewer 2: I think it's clearer and more consistent to refer to the types rather than their constructors, in which case `none` and `some` should be referred to as `None` and `Some`.

Author: 👌

}
```

**Example**

```ts
import { filter } from 'fp-ts/Record'

assert.deepStrictEqual(filter((s: string) => s.length < 4)({ a: 'foo', b: 'bar', c: 'verylong' }), {
  a: 'foo',
  b: 'bar',
})
```

Added in v2.0.0

## filterMap

> Maps a `Record` with an iterating function that returns an option

Reviewer 2: Prefer `Option` (in backticks).

Author: 👌

> and it keeps only the `Some` values discarding the `None`ss.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and it keeps only the `Some` values discarding the `None`s.
```

**Signature**

```ts
export declare const filterMap: <A, B>(f: (a: A) => Option<B>) => (fa: Record<string, A>) => Record<string, B>
```

**Example**

```ts
import { filterMap } from 'fp-ts/Record'
import { option } from 'fp-ts'

const f = (s: string) => (s.length < 4 ? option.some(`${s} is short`) : option.none)
assert.deepStrictEqual(filterMap(f)({ a: 'foo', b: 'bar', c: 'verylong' }), {
  a: 'foo is short',
  b: 'bar is short',
})
```

Added in v2.0.0

## partition

> Partition a `Record` into 2 parts according to a predicate.

Reviewer 2: I most often see numbers under ten or so referred to in words i.e. "two" rather than "2". I'd apply the same remark to every other instance.

}
```

**Example**

```ts
import { partition } from 'fp-ts/Record'

assert.deepStrictEqual(partition((s: string) => s.length < 4)({ a: 'foo', b: 'bar', c: 'verylong' }), {
  left: {
    c: 'verylong',
  },
  right: {
    a: 'foo',
    b: 'bar',
  },
})
```

Added in v2.0.0

## partitionMap

Maps a `Record` with a function returning an `Either` and

> partitions the resulting `Record` into `left` and `right`.

Reviewer 2: `Left` and `Right` casing.

Author: 👌

export declare function foldMap<M>(M: Monoid<M>): <A>(f: (a: A) => M) => (fa: Record<string, A>) => M
```

**Example**

```ts
import { foldMap } from 'fp-ts/Record'
import { Ord } from 'fp-ts/string'
import { Monoid } from 'fp-ts/Monoid'

const m: Monoid<string> = { empty: '', concat: (x: string, y: string) => (x ? `${x} -> ${y}` : `${y}`) }
const f = (a: number) => `-${a}-`
const x = { c: 3, a: 1, b: 2 }
assert.deepStrictEqual(foldMap(Ord)(m)(f)(x), '-1- -> -2- -> -3-')
```

Added in v2.0.0

## reduce

Reduces a `Record` passing each value to the iterating function,
sorted by key with the provided `Ord`.

**Signature**

```ts
export declare function reduce(O: Ord<string>): <A, B>(b: B, f: (b: B, a: A) => B) => (fa: Record<string, A>) => B
export declare function reduce<A, B>(b: B, f: (b: B, a: A) => B): (fa: Record<string, A>) => B
```

**Example**

```ts
import { reduce } from 'fp-ts/Record'
import { Ord } from 'fp-ts/string'

const x = { c: 3, a: 'foo', b: false }
assert.deepStrictEqual(reduce(Ord)([] as string[], (b, a) => [...b, `-${a}-`])(x), ['-foo-', '-false-', '-3-'])
```

Added in v2.0.0

## reduceRight

> Same as `reduce` but entries are processed in reversed order.

Reviewer 2: It's never explicitly said that `reduce` processes from the left. It may be beneficial to link this comment to the function's name i.e. that it processes from the right.

Author: ok. I'll try to clarify.

## difference

Difference between 2 `Record`s.
Takes 2 `Record`s and produces a `Record` composed by the
entries of the two inputs, removing the entries with the same

> key in both inputs.

Reviewer: Switching between "2" and "two" here is unexpected

Author: Clear. I'm replacing every occurrence in the file for consistency.
See commit ff55d3c.

Author: Thank you.

Reviewer 3: It looks like currently things are still a mix between various function documentations.
My personal preference would be to use the word `two` and align with [common writing style guides](https://apastyle.apa.org/style-grammar-guidelines/numbers/words), but not a blocker by any means.

entries of the two inputs, removing the entries with the same
key in both inputs.

**Signature**

```ts
export declare const difference: <A>(second: Record<string, A>) => (first: Record<string, A>) => Record<string, A>
```

**Example**

```ts
import { difference } from 'fp-ts/Record'

assert.deepStrictEqual(difference({ a: 1 })({ a: 1, b: 2 }), { b: 2 })
assert.deepStrictEqual(difference({ a: 3 })({ a: 1, b: 2 }), { b: 2 })
assert.deepStrictEqual(difference({ a: 3, c: 3 })({ a: 1, b: 2 }), { b: 2, c: 3 })
```

Added in v2.11.0

## flap

Derivable from `Functor`.
Takes a value and a `Record` of functions and returns a
`Record` by applying each function to the input value.

**Signature**

```ts
export declare const flap: <A>(a: A) => <B>(fab: Record<string, (a: A) => B>) => Record<string, B>
```

**Example**

```ts
import { flap } from 'fp-ts/Record'

const fab = { x: (n: number) => `${n} times 2`, y: (n: number) => `${n * 2}` }
assert.deepStrictEqual(flap(3)(fab), {
  x: '3 times 2',
  y: '6',
})
```

Added in v2.10.0

## intersection

Intersection of two `Record`s.
Takes two `Record`s and produces a `Record` combining only the

> entries of the two inputswith the same key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
entries of the two inputs with the same key.
```
